A few days ago in her testimony Amber
Here stated that Johnny had
previously hit Kate Moss. He was a partner
while he had with her. There is no one
who has been truly capable of taking care
of me. I didn't even do it for a while. She
confessed in an interview with 'Vanity
Fair' in 2012. These
girls themselves not only have not mentioned
mistreatment or anything
similar on Johnny's part, but on
the contrary, she has always had
very good words to say about the treatment
Johnny would have had with her.
Jennifer Gray, actress and
television presenter who was Johnny Depp's partner
in
1989 when I was only 4 years old,
came out to defend him in this article that you
are seeing on screen. If you want,
you can stop it to read what it says.
By the way, there is a change.org that is
asking for Johnny and Dee to do it again.
Sparrow already has more than a
million signatures. The thing is,
well, you know what I've told you
many times about these Chase and us,
it's like trying to turn off the sun.  with
a water gun it is
absolutely useless according to the magazine
te mz it is a magazine and website with
publications about celebrities something
like this third channel that I have
called teles al ceo you can find salt
followed Spanish such xeito of the
Spanish celebrities have intended to
present this photo with the split lip it is
supposedly part of the evidence of the
blows but then in networks they discovered
that it is a photo prior to the date that
ambergis was mentioning the
photo is still prior to the date that she
was giving amber the first
blows when I would not have even hit her for the
first time in this video we are going to
focus on analyzing two things the blows
that she claims to have received
from johnny and on the other hand the addictions that
johnny had and how it affected him what
consequences it had in what bad condition
jonides was during his time with the
addictions according to amber herself the
first blow from johnny was given to her at the
end of 2012 for criticizing that one of
her tattoos did not look good at this
time according to her it seemed that he had
consumed a lot with nothing and according to her he
gave her several  slaps after
he told her that slaps don't
usually leave big marks on the face
but what we can
completely deny is the description she makes of
Johnny as completely sunk like a thief
at that moment according to unb joan and the
visit in mid-march of
this year at one of the recordings of
his movies right there according to berger
he doesn't stop like 12 bestially and won't
stop arguing with her
we have to keep in mind that in other
trials prior to this lawsuit amber
had placed this episode on
march 8th however then she realized
that i wouldn't have attended days later to
the golden award ceremony in a
perfect state on that same day
therefore she changed the date of this event to
march 22nd we also have this
photograph that you are seeing on screen from
march 13th where we can see
johnny working in japan with complete
normality
here we have another photo on march 21st
which is supposed to be the day before in
which amber places this episode on these
dates and we can confirm that johnny
and bear are together wherever they
are in the same place  the others
that appear in the photos are keith
richards guitarist of the rolling stones,
well I don't need to explain
that it is a
very famous world famous band who is a very good friend
of johnny deer and the one on the right is
whitney and amber's sister according to amber she
had called her sister to
be present with them and could
control the situation with johnny a little
since d sister amber had also been
using cocaine and
understood a little about the subject what we have
seen in this photograph well we can
say that it is assumed that the
rolling stones guitarist at that time
was already retired from drugs he
had removed his sister according to the
property to see if he consumed and well let's
see she says that she has only consumed
fun we have to believe her although I
doubt it I say it for this photo that she
presents that belongs to these days not
in which we see a table but where they have
had a very busy day and she
blames it all on johnny and dee after
12 according to see for more than 48
hours he got into the car to accompany
Johnny to a photo shoot his
sister some friends and she and I spirited up
and drugs at that moment this
episode came where supposedly he
takes his puppy out the
window from the car the puppy starts to howl
not this episode that we have dealt with in
the previous videos that I think she
takes it from a movie is what happens
that supposedly all these episodes
that take place with togetherness and very affected
by the consumption of drugs and alcohol
are supposed to occur between the 21st 22nd
and 23rd of March I had not even been
going at it for three days and I did not want to leave
Amber because of a fit of jealousy
something we have these photographs from the same
March 23rd of 2013 in which I did not even
travel to California without any problem
attending the awards no more no less
than Nickelodeon take away they are
awards in a content for children and you can
see my friend quite fresh
receiving his award and giving a little
speech of thanks in a
visibly good state that same day we
can also see this photograph of Amber
here with quite a lot of resolution by the way
in which he also looks quite
fresh I saw friend in this photo  we don't
notice any bumps or anything like that
if he has any he hides them very well
and his mood too in June
2013 according to what he tells us in vergina
both after arriving at the hotel after having
both gotten fed up
with mdm on a flight where according to amber
only amber didn't attack the flight
attendant out of jealousy for having approached
amber I love it because in this story
everyone wants both of them injuries are
always jealous because everyone gets
close to amber nobody has respect
for johnny or that he has a partner or anything
everyone wants to be with them in the
hotel I don't even get angry the 'red' against
a glass table and I don't even hit her
hard on the nose and she bleeds
however we have these photographs
from the 28th in which we can see
a very beautiful the very beautiful amberger with
a perfect nose and again without
any sign of blows in this other
photo from the 12th it is an earlier photo
nothing strange can be seen on her nose
she did not specify the exact date of
this blow not of this brutal blow  that
ends with his nose bleeding but here
I'm putting several photos from various
dates with weeks in
between and in none of them we see absolutely
nothing that makes any reference to this
blow to this mistreatment of the nose if we
go back to July 2013 on this date to
see during the trial places an episode
and shows a few photographs
where according to her I had not even relapsed
the doctor during a vacation that they
had in fame with her friend Paul
Bettany, marvel actor, whom she
attributes on several occasions for
Jong's relapses and here you can see the photos and
here what I see
Johnny who is falling asleep
everywhere some photographs well
we see a tasty old man who is
falling asleep anywhere
but we also have to keep in mind
that they are on vacation that it could well
be a thief because there were people already
simply because we see a photograph
of someone falling asleep on the couch,
in a chair or in a hammock we can
deduce that from that state that is
always in a completely
unsustainable state we can simply notice
that he is sleeping because according to her he
was  in a state where he had
hit rock bottom even though here we can
see more or less around the same dates
these photos from the 17th here at another event from the
19th of the same month where his image
seems where his image is very far from
looking like that of a person who has hit rock
bottom as am saying see this
other one from the 21st in which we
can also see that well it is not the
typical image of someone who has hit rock
bottom because he is a thief he doesn't stop working and
every day he attended an event with
good humor unstoppable tireless that yes he
could consume something yes he could
consume pain medication
opioids no which he says he consumed and alcohol
but it did not have a very devastating effect
on him from what we are seeing in
these images not after the thousand
galas which is a famous event that
of course Johnny Depp attended and
warn us according to what he tells us jon il
was reproaching them and they had a
small fight because she had been
fooling around with a girl in this fight
he ends up pushing her grabbing her
neck slapping her several times
until he breaks her nose here we can
see a photograph from just a few days
later in which once again we see
an Amber who has no marks and
is perfect here we have several
photographs from days later okay and it
is that a broken nose should look like
something like this not something swollen the contusion
the bruises around see is that
she looks perfect every day
after including up to 15 days
later we have photographs of her here
we have this other photograph that
only belongs to a few hours after
the supposed slaps or rather she has not
been very clumsy my weapon to lie you
have to have everything very well tied up I
mean in fact what I believe
is
correct is that you do not lie according to unb choose during a trip to a Tokyo premiere I did not even give her an absolute beating he hit her head many times he hit her against the wall he threw her against the ground he hit her much more in the body and in the face and
then she was destroyed on the ground
while he played the piano just
a few hours after this they both
attended the premiere of the movie
mordecai you can't see any kind of damage she
also looks perfect even  She was
wearing a dress that would have given away
any blow to the back,
a spider, a bruise, a
construction site, these are areas where you can't
use any type of makeup
because it would be very visible if you're
looking at the photo that I don't take, well,
the famous episode of the finger, Johnny, very
rude, half by MDM and alcohol, gives her
three days of beatings and well, we could
be here for about ten or fifteen minutes of
video transcribing everything she says, she
hits her face many times
against the walls against the
refrigerator, many very strong blows
all over her body, she drags her on
glass, which she also has to
walk with, she becomes almost unconscious on
several occasions, also remember
that this is where the episode happens where, according to
her, the UB with a bottle, idea, she was bleeding
a lot, even though she didn't go to the
doctor later, and well, beyond the fact that when the
doctor arrived, he ignored her because he didn't see
any wounds on her and only prescribed
something for her anxiety, we can see the
physical consequences of that incident
for Johnny and for both of them. Well, here we have
great physical damage after all
that beating, okay, here we have a
wound that I don't know if it will leave a mark
forever, surely  she's going to have to get her
whole arm tattooed to remove this I
think I have to imagine
that there's something too and these little marks that you
can see on her arm these are the
signs of the brutal beating well and
we have Johnny's which is the finger
and on the face the cigarette that pays her in
the face you're going to have it censored because I do
n't know if youtube will hold up I think
he has a little more damage than
her what I mean by this
basically is that I find it a little strange
that after the whole episode as
she narrates it in the
physical results the physical damage that
each one has or are completely
devastating against Jong and Johnny
has suffered physical damage that will not
be reversed in their entire lives and she
simply had some scratches as if she had been
playing with her cat
so that there is no doubt here she is
only three days after those in
Australia on the same March 12, 2015
at the premiere of one of her films without a
single scratch okay or so already
having the scratches that the
three of them had  days well she had nothing here
you can see it perfectly here you have an
interview from another event a little
later on the 13th in absolutely nothing
also here you have another interview from the
12th also without any trace
absolutely nothing and here are these
images these are from the 15th another few days
later in which we also cannot
see absolutely any type of
mark here you have a photograph also
by looking a little more around
those days these photos belong to the
18th you can see that after
that episode of a great beating that lasted
three days three days dragging her on the
floor having to walk on glass
punches hitting against the wall hitting
against the furniture and not only did she have
absolutely nothing but it did not
prevent her from doing any of the tasks she
had pending or attending any
of the events she had on her agenda
amber claims that I did not mistreat her
however the only suspicious photo of
any blow is towards me neither me nor with a
very red face as you are seeing in this
photo on screen well
johnny's own team claims that in this photo I had not even
received any blow however to
her in these more photos  of the
honeymoon you can see that she always looks
perfect in December always according to
Lambert another of the worst
episodes of aggression suffered by
poor hunger is experienced in another of the strongest
beatings told by the protagonist in which she
also receives blows to the face,
splits her lip on the head several
slaps pulls out her hair, breaks her
nose in which she even ends up
being unconscious for a long time
until a friend appears to
help her but anyway focusing on the
blows first we see that Johnny claims
that Amber was the one who hit him her
security team took these photographs
of the blows here we have some images
where once again the next day
she appears completely impeccable on
the James Corden show according to her
thanks to the makeup that you already know that
the makeup company itself
came out to deny it because the palette that
she mentioned was not yet on
sale a few days later a whole
swimsuit photo shoot is done without
makeup and no blows are seen
either I at least don't see anything here and
these photos are quite a few in HD and
finally we have the incident of  May
2016 where both tell us that Johnny
suddenly hits her savagely
in front of a friend while another
is also listening and even
hits her with a cell phone in the face
as we already know the police went
twice and did not see any marks the
neighbors and workers of the hotel also did not
see any marks on her until the 27th
when she went to file for
divorce and here we have the photos
chronologically that she showed let's see they were all
shown on May 27th but she
says they are from the following dates like
this these photos are from
05/21/2010 and 6 minutes after the
incident according to Lambert we also have
here some clients are quite
short but they are from the
security cameras this other one from the 22nd one day
after the incident she also goes to
meetings with friends but well here we
see that her face is covered with her
hair or in some she wears glasses or
sunglasses here we have her leaving the
divorce suit six days after
the incident in her car that same day
May 27th one day after the
divorce suit with her friends and I think
without any marks at least
apparently  I insist let's remember that
all of the hotel employees denied having
seen any marks on
Amber's face during the days of her stay.
According to what you can see, all these days
a friend had been visiting her who was her
makeup artist and was in charge of covering
all these bumps so that no one would
notice. Here a girl shows how she
covers them with makeup. A real bump is not
visible to the naked eye in her case
but we can clearly see in
this video that the inflammation
cannot be hidden. We also have this
other tweet where you can see that Amber had
manipulated some photos with some
other filter, we don't know if maliciously
or not so that the bumps would be
accentuated or to make them look like bumps
when they are simply shadows and
finally this other tweet that says that
Amber's marks are similar to those
left by some cosmetic treatments
in the first few days or even Botox some
time after applying it. Okay and I'm
just leaving this here as suggestions,
things that people say on
social media and now I just want to
know what you all think, do you believe
some of these beatings? I really didn't
get any of them at all. Yes, I
can.  I don't think they had
strong arguments, that the two of them were a bit
crazy, we're not going to deny it either, but
abuse, especially physical abuse, all of it
smells to me like it's an invention and a
strong defamation. One thing is that
we have some episodes that we can
consider to be in the territory
of one person's word against the other,
but another thing is that they are
describing brutal beatings in which
surely any person could not
even walk or go out on the street, there is
no type of makeup that can
hide it and she has attended
events and interviews completely
normally, her skin is super pretty, so
nothing, I will be reading the
comments box, of course, do not lose
respect for anyone, as always on this
channel, we will see each other in the next video,
hug
[Music]
good